DESIGN DOCUMENT - POKÉMON TYPE TRAINER

DIFFERENT MODES:

1. Learn what types each pokémon has
	1.1 Test yourself on an endless stream of random pokémon from a single generation
	1.2 Test yourself on an endless stream of random pokémon from ANY generation
	1.3 Test yourself on 20 pokémon at a time (#n to #n+20 in the pokédex)
	1.4 Test yourself on ALL pokémon from a single generation

2. Learn what type tuples are "super effective", "not very effective" and "immune to" (not applicable to Pokémon GO!)
	2.1 Test yourself on an endless stream of random type-tuples
	2.1 Test yourself on ALL type-combinations


USER JOURNEY:

1. Lands on front page
2. Chooses (a)"Mode 1" or (b)"Mode 2"
	2.1a Chooses game type and generation
	2.1b Chooses game type, generation and "standard" vs "GO!" type rules
3. Plays the game until (a)bored or done with task
	3.1a Clicks button to end. If not an endless task, send to front page (?)
4. Sent to results-page
	4.1a Clicks "retry" -> Go to 3 (not applicable for endless modes)
	4.1b Clicks "back to front page" -> Go to 1


DEVELOPMENT PLAN:

1. Finish "Mode 1"
	1.1 Create working endless mode (gen1)
	1.2 Create working 20 pokés-mode (gen1)
	1.3 Create working ALL pokés-mode (gen1)
	1.4 Implement gen2+
2. Finish "Mode2"
	2.1 ???


LOG:

Day 1: Created designdoc, made some sketches, did some basic React.js setup. Now I need to figure out how to use the pokeapi.co RESTful API in the best way. (2 hours)

Day 2: Worked on script to create a local copy of the Gen1 pokedex. Ran it until I was denied service from pokeapi.co. Having issues with requests timing out! Waiting until tomorrow, with 5 second delay between each request.(1 hour)

Day 3: Fixed the script and made a JSON for all gen1 pokemon, containing their pokédex number, name and types. Downloaded a sprite pack containing sprites from the X/Y-games, and built a few React-components. Next up is to continue building components, specifically the panel that lets you choose between the 18 different types. (2 hours)

Day 4: Made a few components (among those, the grid where you select types for game mode 1), and fiddled a bit with the stylesheet. Next up is adding functionality to the type-buttons so you can actually use them as input! (1 hour)

Day 5: Added functionality to type-buttons (mode1), and added a reset button. (1 hour)